Ambiguous time error (#1208)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

> ## [6.0.2] - 20-04-26

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [6.0.2] - 27-04-26
```

### Fixed

> - Fixed a bug in `DatapointsAPI.retrieve_dataframe_in_tz` to raise an `AmbiguousTimeError` when getting an ambiguous timestamp.
>   An ambiguous timestamp is, for example, 1916-10-01 00:00:00 Europe/Oslo as this have two UTC times 1916-10-01 00:00:00+02:00
>   and 1916-10-01 00:00:00+01:00 depending on whether you are before or after the DST transition. This would occur if you used
>   a start and end time before and after 1916-10-01 with a `1month` granularity.

Reviewer: I suggest we don't elaborate too much in the changelog:
```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in `DatapointsAPI.retrieve_dataframe_in_tz` that could raise `AmbiguousTimeError` when subdividing the user-specified time range into UTC intervals (with fixed offset).
```
